mention peregrine in quickstart guide (#262)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/develop/01_sdk/01_quickstart.md

import FetchEndpointData from '!!raw-loader!@site/code_examples/sdk_examples/src/core_features/getting_started/05_fetch_endpoint_data.ts';
import VerifyCredential from '!!raw-loader!@site/code_examples/sdk_examples/src/core_features/getting_started/06_verify_credential.ts';
import Disconnect from '!!raw-loader!@site/code_examples/sdk_examples/src/core_features/getting_started/07_disconnect.ts';

Get started with KILT by following this guide.
You'll learn to:

1. Import the **KILT SDK** into your project
2. Connect to the **KILT blockchain**
3. Query a **web3name** to retrieve its **DID**
4. Verify a **credential** using a **DID service**

This quickstart guide provides hands-on experience to enhance your understanding of KILT.
Basic knowledge of JavaScript and command-line tools is recommended.
For more in-depth tutorials, we'll suggest additional guides.

## Setup

Let's start by creating a new project from scratch.
Create a new project in a fresh directory by running `mkdir kilt-rocks && cd kilt-rocks`.

<Tabs groupId="ts-js-choice">
  <TabItem value='ts' label='Typescript' default>

>   From inside the `kilt-rocks` project directory, install the **KILT SDK**, **Typescript**, **ts-node** and **Axios**:

Reviewer: Should we then also change the order of the installation in the `npm install` command below?

### Connect to the KILT Blockchain

To perform operations that rely on the KILT blockchain, such as querying and verifying a credential, it's essential to connect to the KILT blockchain.
Within the same `main` function, configure the SDK to connect to a KILT node using the `Kilt.connect()` method:

<Tabs groupId="chain-choice">
  <TabItem value='pere' label='Peregrine (Testnet)' default>
    Peregrine is the development blockchain.
    For testing and development purposes connect to this network.
    <SnippetBlock
      className="language-ts"
      funcEnd="return"
      >
      {ConnectPere}
    </SnippetBlock>
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value='spirit' label='Spiritnet (Production)'>
    Spiritnet is the production blockchain.
    When you are ready to publish your DApp, connect to the Spiritnet network for production purposes.
    <SnippetBlock
      className="language-ts"
      funcEnd="return"
      >
      {ConnectSpirit}
    </SnippetBlock>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

To ensure proper cleanup, call the `Kilt.disconnect()` function at the bottom of the main function:

<SnippetBlock
  className="language-ts"
>
  {Disconnect}
</SnippetBlock>

> By adding `await Kilt.disconnect()` at the end of the main function, you ensure that the connection to the blockchain node is properly closed when the script finishes executing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding `await Kilt.disconnect()` at the end of the main function, you ensure that the connection to the blockchain node is properly closed when the script terminates execution.
```

> This helps maintain the integrity of your application and is a good practice to follow.

Reviewer: What does integrity means?

Author: keeping the app state free from resource leaks which could lead to a crash. [Integrity as in an unimpaired condition](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/integrity)

Congratulations!

> You have connected to a blockchain node.

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
You have connected to a KILT blockchain node.
```
